---
title: Info on DMA
permalink: /the-queensway-experience/pdlp/info-on-dma/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: PDLP
---
<h4>The after-school hours are as follows:</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>School Hours</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>After-school Hours</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Regular School Days</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Default settings from</p><p>6:00 am to 2:40 pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Parents'/Guardians' after-school option from</p><p>2:40 pm to 6:00 am</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Weekends and School Holidays</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Parents'/Guardians' after-school DMA Option for the whole day</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p><h4>Summary of DMA Settings after School Hours&nbsp;</h4><p><em>During school hours, the Default Setting will apply. Parents/Guardians are given a choice to opt for an Alternative Setting, which will apply only to after school hours. The following table outlines the different levels of restrictions, controls and monitoring for the different DMA options after school hours.</em></p><p></p><h4>What the different options mean</h4><h5>Default</h5><p>Default setting treats the iPad as a device which is used for learning only. The restrictions set in place are derived from the perspective of how a teacher would want the device to behave in order for the student to learn in the most desirable environment.&nbsp;The assumption is that the student will be inclined to use the iPad more as an entertainment device rather than as a learning device if there are no clear boundaries and control.</p><h5>Option A</h5><p>Option A provides a hybrid model of allowing parental control after school hours so that their child’s online behaviour can be managed according to the parents’ preferences.&nbsp;<strong>However, this option requires the parent to be more savvy with technology, as there are more settings to be managed by the parent.</strong>&nbsp;Choose this option if you would like to give more opportunities for your child to explore the cyberworld of online amusement and attractions. Conversely, you may tighten the controls or shut the iPad down earlier.</p><h5>Option B</h5><p>Option B gives the student complete freedom in the use of iPad after school.&nbsp;<strong>This option should only be chosen if parents totally trust their child’s handling of the Chromebook and what they do online.</strong>&nbsp;Ideally, such a child should be rule-abiding, disciplined and mature enough to control his/her actions. Without boundaries and control, students may find themselves glued to their screens and become addicted to the various online games and videos.</p><p><em>*Please note that the Apps purchased (using your personal Apple ID) under options A and B will be hidden and inaccessible during school hours (6.00a.m. - 6.00p.m.)</em></p><h5>USEFUL TIP</h5><p>Parents/Guardians may wish to consider the following questions before deciding on which After-School DMA Option is best for their child/ward.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>a. Child’s/Ward’s current device usage habits</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>How much time does my child/ward spend on his/her device?</p></li><li><p>How well is my child/ward able to regulate his/her device usage on his/her own?</p></li><li><p>Does my child/ward get easily distracted while doing online learning?</p></li></ul><p><strong>b. Parental/Guardian involvement</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>How confident and familiar am I with managing my child’s/ward’s cyber wellness?</p></li><li><p>Are there existing routines and open conversations on the use of the internet at home?</p></li><li><p>Am I aware of how to prevent different types of cyber threats that my child/ward might face?</p></li></ul><p></p>