---
title: Overview
permalink: /the-queensway-experience/pdlp/overview/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
third_nav_title: PDLP
---
<h3>Personal Device Learning Programme</h3><p>The NDLP was launched at MOE’s Committee of Supply Debate in March 2020 to help students strengthen their digital literacy. One of the components of the NDLP is the introduction of the Personalised Digital Learning Programme (“PDLP”) for all secondary school students, whereby every secondary school student will own a school-prescribed PLD. The PLD will be used together with the national e-learning platform – the Singapore Student Learning Space (“SLS”) – as well as other educational technology to personalise and enhance students’ learning. This will also enable students to acquire digital skills and apply these skills as they navigate an increasingly digitalised world.</p><h6><strong><em>Choice of PLD bundle</em></strong></h6><p>Queensway Secondary School has chosen Chromebook as the PLD for students since embarking on PDLP in 2021. Information on purchase of PLD bundle will be disseminated to parents during Sec 1 registration.</p><h6><strong><em>Use of Edusave</em></strong></h6><p>Students who are Singapore citizens can use their Edusave to pay fully or partly for the PLD, after setting aside provision for payment of miscellaneous fees. Parents/Guardians can also choose to pay cash for the PLD. MOE has provided Edusave top-ups of $200 in 2020 to 2022, and $300 in 2023 to all eligible Singaporean students in primary and secondary schools. This is on top of the annual Edusave contribution of $290 for secondary school students and $230 for primary school students.</p><h6><strong><em>Financial Assistance</em></strong></h6><p>Subsidies are available for students who require funding support to purchase a PLD. Please note that it is compulsory for all students on the MOE Financial Assistance Scheme (FAS) to use their Edusave to pay for the PLD, after subsidies have been granted. Please see the table below for information on the eligibility for the subsidy:</p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Students Eligible for Subsidy</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Income Criteria</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>How to Apply for Subsidy</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Students under MOE FAS</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Gross Household Income (“<strong>GHI</strong>”) is $3,000 or less, or Per Capita Income (“<strong>PCI</strong>”)* is $750 or less</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>No action required. Automatically subsidised for the PLD.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Students under School-based FAS or Independent Schools Bursary (ISB)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>GHI</strong> is $4,400 or less, or <strong>PCI</strong> is $1,100 or less</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Approach the school’s General Office to apply for a subsidy.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Students who are currently not under the MOE FAS / School-based FAS / ISB</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>GHI</strong> is $4,400 or less, or <strong>PCI</strong> is $1,100 or less</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Approach the school’s General Office to apply for a subsidy.</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>*<strong>PCI</strong> refers to the GHI divided by the total number of family members in the household.</p><h6><strong>IT Applications</strong></h6><p>Schools will progressively roll out IT applications that will be vital for students’ teaching and learning. These include:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Student iCON: Every secondary school student will be provided with access to the Google Suite set of tools, including email address.</p></li><li><p>Microsoft Office 365: Every secondary school student will be able to use Microsoft Office tools that include Word, PowerPoint, and Excel.</p></li><li><p>Zoom: Every secondary school student will be given a free Zoom account with a 40 min time limit for their video conferencing needs.</p></li></ul><p></p><p>The school will need to use your child’s/ward’s full name, Student iCON ID and class to set up user accounts. Schools may also choose to roll out applications other than those listed above.</p><p><strong>Device Management Application (“DMA”)</strong></p><p>A <strong>DMA</strong> will come pre-installed on all PLDs purchased through the school, and will be installed on all student-owned devices parents/guardians opt for the student to use in lieu of the PLD, subject to parental/guardian consent. The DMA has 3 main components which will support the use of the PLD in the classroom and safeguard students’ cyber wellness:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Classroom Management Service. To help teachers manage students’ use of the PLD during lesson time to improve classroom management and support effective teaching and learning.</p></li><li><p>Mobile Device Management Service. To help update and manage the PLD, protect the PLD from malicious software, and protects students from objectionable internet content.</p></li><li><p>Usage Management Service. To enable school and/or parents/guardians to better supervise and set helpful limits for students’ use of PLD after school.</p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Cyber-wellness</strong></p><p>In rolling out the PLD, MOE is acutely aware of concerns regarding students’ cyber-wellness. The DMA allows the school to manage this, by</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>collecting data on usage by the student, such as the amount of time spent on each application,</p></li><li><p>monitoring, filtering, and limiting the type of websites accessible to the student, and</p></li><li><p>placing restrictions on students’ screen time to prevent cyber addiction.</p></li></ul><h6><strong><em>Further Queries</em></strong></h6><p>If there are further queries, please email the School at qss@moe.edu.sg</p><p></p>